Now we are going to launch our system for that we will use to overcome demand.
And we will launch our system.
So this may well promote this image from Docker registry, and it may also pull those exporters ElasticSearch
exporter and PostgreSQL exporter from Docker registry.
Once it is done doing that, then it will start all our containers once it starts our container.
Once they start all of them, then we can post this video because it's going to take five minutes for
all of them to come up.
There are quite a few containers that we have.
So let's wait for this now.
We need the load balancers are remaining.
OK.
It's done at least all the containers have been started, so they are booting up right now.
Let's check one of these services so good.
So this is a good check.
We can check logs of gate reserves.
So right now, there is nothing over there.
It has not even started, the container has been created, but service hasn't started yet.
You can check all the containers there.
They look good as of now.
The Prometheus container has been added.
And apart from this, we have Baiji exporter container and we also have ElasticSearch export containers.
So now we have quite a few containers in our application.
So a little later we will have to run this through.
Kubernetes will not be able to run it like this.
There are far too many containers for us to handle, so we will go to when it is in later sections.
But right now we'll have to bear with this.
OK.
So let's check Gateway service log once again.
So nothing is there.
When you get the service, it's OK.
So it just all of a sudden it came.
So it has also started and it hasn't taken much time.
About ninety nine seconds.
That's all it has taken.
You can check some of this service also in that case.
Let's have admin services up if this service is up, OK?
That's also up.
So that looks pretty good.
Then we can connect to our system without waiting at all.
So for that, we need external IP address of this machine.
Let's take that.
OK.
Let's first check if.
Web application, of course, will get a response.
Let's check databases.
So so far, this has been our way of checking if the services are up or not.
Now, from now on, because we have Prometheus, we have a different way of checking if our services
are up or not, and this is actually should be the standard way of checking.
So this is Prometheus, you.
I have launched it by clicking on this monitoring Prometheus.
You can directly go to Prometheus by going to four nine zero nine zero.
But so that we don't have to remember, I put links over here.
OK, so we are into Prometheus right now.
So first thing that we are going to do over here, we will look at the targets that we have.
So let's look at the targets.
If I a collapse all of this information, then it looks like this.
So the first one is a database matrix.
So this is ElasticSearch exporter, NPG, Postgres exporter.
They say that they are up so good.
Then you go to Matrix Matrixed.
They are all saying that they are up.
Then services matrix here we have admin service, product service, Yurek Discovery Service, Inventory
Authorization Gateway.
So all of them are up.
So this is a good way of knowing if our services are up.
And this is the application.
Now we want to see for how long they have been up so that we can go to graph.
And yet this is where we can specify, let's hit this up.
Request all weekend, we can execute it.
So this is that all of them are up, but if we want to see the timeline for how long they have been
up, let's reduce the skin.
So this is 15 minutes, and so they have been up.
This is probably the time it is showing.
So this way we can see when something actually came up and if something goes down, then this graph
will show that if let's say something goes down and comes up through this graph, we can find out if
that kind of event happened.
Another thing that we can do is we can get alerts because we have configured alerts of some instances
don't.
This alert will go up if our system is experiencing higher latency than according to the configuration
that we have put over here.
We will get that alert, too, but this one is very simple to check in stands down so we can quickly
check that.
For that, let's bring down one of the instances.
So let's.
These are the instances we have.
Let's stop, let's say, inventory service.
And let's say.
When is this thing going to pick up, that's a.
Service is down.
OK, so this alert has gone.
And as a.
This alert says that an instance is down and it will.
It is showing which instance is down.
This is inventory service which has gone down.
So that's the web alerts work.
Let's bring up our inventory service.
Then there are quite a few other things that we can check from here, so let's say we want to check
CPU usage, then we can check CPU usage of our services by tracking this particular CPU usage began.
OK.
The Disney CPU usage, and let's say if.
We start bringing our services.
And let me create some data.
Then these CPU usage will change.
So we should be able to monitor that as we get.
I think it takes five seconds for it to reverse, that's the configuration we have.
We're just fine.
In the meantime, let's look at alerts.
Alerts has switched to no instance down, so that's pretty good.
Let's go back to CBO.
So this is something, OK, so this has come up over here.
So this is where our system CPU has gone up.
So this is how we can.
Track system, CPU usage for our services, this is what our services, these are the services listed
over here.
So another question is how is Prometheus able to do this now under Prometheus is able to do this by
virtue of these pages that each component is exposing.
So let's copy this.
IP address, and let's put it over here, so it's zero zero and the four services, the URL was actually
Prometheus.
So if you see this, this is how this page will get refreshed every few seconds.
And this is how our services are exposing the matrix.
So these are various metrics that are available.
So let's say you want to look for garbage collection.
How many bytes have been garbage collected or different garbage collector memory areas, how much memory
they are using?
So we can do all that monitoring over here.
So let's say memory.
So JVM memory committed by its medicine, so we can get that, we can monitor that.
So it will monitor every area of heap, which is separately managed by Jawa Garbage Collector.
So let's say this is CMS old generation.
This has given it in space.
So like that, different memory areas, how much memory is being used by each service, that kind of
information we can get through this.
Now, did he last one that probably we are interested is in request?
So this study, GDP will help facilitate this.
These rules, which are related to Django, so Django is deep.
So let's say request total towns for total, so Django stop requests total by transport brutality.
This will give us an idea of the request flow to web application, so this keeps track of the request.
The total requests that have come to our system.
So there are various such parameters like CPU memory requests count, which is basically to port and
the health of our system, which we can easily monitor from Prometheus.
And it can even give us alerts if some instance goes down or any other configuration shows some alert.
So these are pretty useful things for a large-scale application.
Otherwise, it is very difficult to know when there are loads of components and lots of instances that
which one is up or down and what's the resource utilization and what's the system to put with these
components with these when even put in?
So there's something for which people use Prometheus.
So this is how we can integrate Prometheus into our system.